---
title: Thu, 21 Sep 2023
date: 2023-09-21
---
1. 9.1 [Hierarchical Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning for Air Combat Maneuvering](https://arxiv.org/abs/2309.11247)
* Authors: Ardian Selmonaj, Oleg Szehr, Giacomo Del Rio, Alessandro Antonucci, Adrian Schneider, Michael Rüegsegger
* Reason: This paper proposes a novel approach to air-to-air combat scenarios—a significant and complex application of reinforcement learning—with inherent real-world implications. The authors’ successful incorporation of a hierarchical, multi-agent RL into air-to-air combat with multiple heterogeneous agents influences the direction of both academic research and practical applications.

2. 8.9 [AI-Driven Patient Monitoring with Multi-Agent Deep Reinforcement Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/2309.10980)
* Authors: Thanveer Shaik, Xiaohui Tao, Haoran Xie, Lin Li, Jianming Yong, Hong-Ning Dai
* Reason: This paper demonstrates promise in applying AI to the healthcare sector, specifically in the critical field of patient monitoring. The multi-agent approach was shown to improve patient monitoring accuracy in real-world datasets, offering a serious alternative to traditional methods.

3. 8.6 [Deep Reinforcement Learning for Infinite Horizon Mean Field Problems in Continuous Spaces](https://arxiv.org/abs/2309.10953)
* Authors: Andrea Angiuli, Jean-Pierre Fouque, Ruimeng Hu, Alan Raydan
* Reason: The paper offers a novel take on solving complex, continuous-space mean field game and control problems, using the actor-critic paradigm. This theoretical development may be impactful to fields requiring the resolution of continuous space problems.

4. 8.5 [Text2Reward: Automated Dense Reward Function Generation for Reinforcement Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/2309.11489)
* Authors: Tianbao Xie, Siheng Zhao, Chen Henry Wu, Yitao Liu, Qian Luo, Victor Zhong, Yanchao Yang, Tao Yu
* Reason: This paper presents a unique data-free method of developing reward functions—an ongoing challenge in reinforcement learning—which allows goal description in natural language and results in code capable of being refined with human feedback. Although its influence is yet to be seen, the proposition undoubtedly introduces a new direction in the field.

5. 8.3 [Actively Learning Reinforcement Learning: A Stochastic Optimal Control Approach](https://arxiv.org/abs/2309.10831)
* Authors: Mohammad S. Ramadan, Mahmoud A. Hayajnh, Michael T. Tolley, Kyriakos G. Vamvoudakis
* Reason: This paper provides a framework to address two significant issues in RL—fragility due to modeling uncertainties and high computational cost, making a meaningful contribution in the area. But due to the abstract nature of the problems addressed, its influence may be more limited compared to the above papers with readily apparent applications.

