---
title: Fri, 1 Sep 2023
date: 2023-09-01
---
1. 9.5 [A Policy Adaptation Method for Implicit Multitask Reinforcement Learning Problems](https://arxiv.org/abs/2308.16534)
* Authors: Satoshi Yamamori, Jun Morimoto
* Reason: This study proposed a multitask reinforcement learning algorithm for adapting a policy to implicit changes in goals or environments. The research was conducted by highly reputed authors, and its results show promise in the field of adapting AI to changing environments, making it influential.

2. 9.2 [Learning Collaborative Information Dissemination with Graph-based Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/2308.16198)
* Authors: Raffaele Galliera, Kristen Brent Venable, Matteo Bassani, Niranjan Suri
* Reason: The authors proposed a Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning approach that aims to create more decentralized, efficient, and collaborative solutions. The paper is on a novel approach to a critical subject area in reinforcement learning, making it quite influential.

3. 9.1 [Deep Inductive Logic Programming meets Reinforcement Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/2308.16210)
* Authors: Andreas Bueff, Vaishak Belle
* Reason: The authors propose an application of differentiable Neural Logic in the field of Relational Reinforcement Learning (RRL). The integration of ILP methods into RRL represents a significant step forward, making this an influential paper.

4. 9.0 [Multi-Objective Decision Transformers for Offline Reinforcement Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/2308.16379)
* Authors: Abdelghani Ghanem, Philippe Ciblat, Mounir Ghogho
* Reason: The paper addresses the issue of offline reinforcement learning where the prediction is extended to states and returns. The paper promises advancements in the field of reinforcement learning, making it potentially influential.

5. 8.9 [Adversarial Finetuning with Latent Representation Constraint to Mitigate Accuracy-Robustness Tradeoff](https://arxiv.org/abs/2308.16454)
* Authors: Satoshi Suzuki, Shin'ya Yamaguchi, Shoichiro Takeda, Sekitoshi Kanai, Naoki Makishima, Atsushi Ando, Ryo Masumura
* Reason: This paper mitigates the tradeoff between standard accuracy on clean examples and robustness against adversarial examples by proposing a novel AT method. The information presented could widely impact the progress of reinforcement learning by improving standard accuracy further.

