---
title: Mon, 14 Aug 2023
date: 2023-08-14
---
1. 9.3 [Learning to Team-Based Navigation: A Review of Deep Reinforcement Learning Techniques for Multi-Agent Pathfinding](https://arxiv.org/abs/2308.05893)
* Authors: Jaehoon Chung, Jamil Fayyad, Younes Al Younes, Homayoun Najjaran
* The authors of this paper are experts in the field and the topic is highly relevant in large-scale robotic applications. It provides a comprehensive review of DRL-based approaches which can have a far-reaching impact on MAPF research.

2. 9.0 [Reinforcement Logic Rule Learning for Temporal Point Processes](https://arxiv.org/abs/2308.06094)
* Authors: Chao Yang, Lu Wang, Kun Gao, Shuang Li
* This paper proposes a novel algorithm for optimization of explanatory temporal logic rule set. It provides a new perspective on the problem by integrating advanced optimization with reinforcement learning.

3. 8.8 [Neural Conversation Models and How to Rein Them in: A Survey of Failures and Fixes](https://arxiv.org/abs/2308.06095)
* Authors: Fabian Galetzka, Anne Beyer, David Schlangen
* This paper's framework of how neural conversation model should be structured offers a pioneering perspective. The authors' comprehensive study on the failures and fixes of the system is of high value to this field.

4. 8.5 [Learning Control Policies for Variable Objectives from Offline Data](https://arxiv.org/abs/2308.06127)
* Authors: Marc Weber, Phillip Swazinna, Daniel Hein, Steffen Udluft, Volkmar Sterzing
* The paper speaks about offline reinforcement learning method to control dynamic systems which can be impactful in this field.

5. 8.1 [Towards a Causal Probabilistic Framework for Prediction, Action-Selection & Explanations for Robot Block-Stacking Tasks](https://arxiv.org/abs/2308.06203)
* Authors: Ricardo Cannizzaro, Jonathan Routley, Lars Kunze
* This work proposes a new framework to combine physics simulation with a structural causal model. The contribution here could inspire future works in the domain of robotics and manipulation tasks.

