---
title: Wed, 10 Jan 2024
date: 2024-01-10
---
1. 9.0 [Learn Once Plan Arbitrarily (LOPA): Attention-Enhanced Deep Reinforcement Learning Method for Global Path Planning](https://arxiv.org/abs/2401.04145)
* Authors: Guoming Huang, Mingxin Hou, Xiaofang Yuan, Shuqiao Huang, Yaonan Wang
* Reason: This paper addresses significant challenges in DRL applied to global path planning, such as convergence and generalization, through a novel attention-enhanced mechanism. The proposed method's success in improving DRL's focus on relevant information for planning tasks indicates its potential influential impact in both robotics and AI research communities.

2. 8.6 [Curiosity & Entropy Driven Unsupervised RL in Multiple Environments](https://arxiv.org/abs/2401.04198)
* Authors: Shaurya Dewan, Anisha Jain, Zoe LaLena, Lifan Yu
* Reason: Introducing novel methods to enhance unsupervised RL's performance across multiple environments suggests potential advancement in the field of RL. The improvements over the baseline using dynamically adjusted parameters show a promising direction in RL research that could influence future methodologies.

3. 8.3 [Chain of LoRA: Efficient Fine-tuning of Language Models via Residual Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/2401.04151)
* Authors: Wenhan Xia, Chengwei Qin, Elad Hazan
* Reason: Modifying the well-established fine-tuning process of large language models to address generalization error and computational costs is highly valuable. This paper proposes a potentially impactful method to bridge the gap between different fine-tuning strategies without increasing computational demands.

4. 7.9 [Online Test-Time Adaptation of Spatial-Temporal Traffic Flow Forecasting](https://arxiv.org/abs/2401.04148)
* Authors: Pengxin Guo, Pengrong Jin, Ziyue Li, Lei Bai, Yu Zhang
* Reason: As the first paper delving into online test-time adaptation for traffic flow forecasting, it brings a new perspective to DRL application in real-world scenarios. The potential to improve models' adaptivity to future data is of particular relevance for AI applications in urban planning and transportation.

5. 7.5 [Coupling Graph Neural Networks with Fractional Order Continuous Dynamics: A Robustness Study](https://arxiv.org/abs/2401.04331)
* Authors: Qiyu Kang, Kai Zhao, Yang Song, Yihang Xie, Yanan Zhao, Sijie Wang, Rui She, Wee Peng Tay
* Reason: Investigating the robustness of graph neural fractional-order differential equation models provides insights into their application in adversarially critical environments. Given that robustness is an urgent matter in the application of AI, this work's exploration of enhancing model stability could be significantly influential.

